It's him. That's him.
He must have done it.
He has only been in the company for a few days, how could he have done it?
I hope you don't point fingers at him for doing it.
The company was fine before
Why did such a big thing happen to the company when he came?
These are nothing more than personal conjectures
We speak on evidence
You are responsible for what you say
Brother Wrongful, how do you know he has no evidence?
Don't be afraid to speak up
Wrongful brother is the most fair
Mr. Ji, I dare to say so, of course there is evidence
One day when I came out of the bathroom
I heard Si Xiaoxiao talking on the phone in the corner
He seems to be talking about someone's whereabouts
What exposure or something
Later, I asked Director Zhou to confirm.
Director Zhou said
Si Xiaoxiao
I actually went to him to see the whereabouts of the artist
Right, Director Zhou, I'm not lying, am I?
Si Xiaoxiao has indeed seen the artist's itinerary
But that doesn't mean he spread it.
In the company
Can everyone see that file?